When I married him
I'll kick you out sooner or later
Ah!
Hey, what's the matter, Chu Chu's senior year?
He pushed me, you have to call the shots with me
The pain is killing me. Finish the gun
How dare you push Chu Chu
The future wife of the Fan Group
Now suspend all your duties in the company
Pack up quickly
Ah, it hurts.
Humph
What did you mean just now?
If I don't say that, will Chu Chu let you go?
If you don't say that, I have a way
Look how you beat people like this
Excuse me.
I forgot to throw my body away
And do you run if you can't beat it?
What do you care about with him?
He says he loves you while touching you
I couldn't help myself.
If it were before
I will still believe him
Do you know what love is?
Do you understand? If you do
Will not
Now I can see the true face of that woman
Enough hum
We should be quiet now and work together
Find out what social connections Chu Chu has now
Which upper-class people are involved?
To know
What high society people is he related to?
I have an idea.
Hold a salon party in the name of Chu Chu
Just line it up one by one.
Hmm, then I fell asleep
Not allowed to go
You are not familiar with the company's business process
And I have to check all kinds of hidden dangers one by one
Get off work together
Peel the skin around
You're going to kill me